Problem Description
You will be using command-line arguments to supply two numbers for multiplication with a twist.

That is, you will be comparing two algorithms used to multiply the two numbers without using the multiplication (*) operator. 

The first method will be to use a for loop to repeatedly add the multiplicand to an accumulator "multiplier" times.
For example, if you had 3 x 5, then three would be added to an accumulator 5 times.

Output: the number of times the loop executed and the answer. 

The second method would implement the Russian Multiplication algorithm described above. Again,

Output: the number of times the loop executes and the answer.

Your program will:

Use a modular design with the following prototypes minimum:
void runLoopMethod(long& multiplicand, long& multiplier,long& iterationCount, long& answer);
void runRussianMethod(long& multiplicand, long& multiplier, long& iterationCount, long& answer);
void printResult(long& iterationCount, long& answer);

Use command-line arguments

Error handling:
If there are insufficient command-line arguments, message the user:
Syntax error! Usage: extra01 int_1 int_2
If the values of either argument are 0 or less, message the user:
This program requires positive non-zero integers (floats will be truncated)

If the data is acceptable, message the user:
This program compares two multiplication methods 
without using the multiplication operator...

Writes a blank line below the message
Outputs "For loop method..."
Outputs the number of times the loop executes
Outputs the results of multiplication using a for loop
Writes a blank line
Outputs "Russian Multiplication method..."
Outputs the number of times the loop executes
Outputs the results of multiplication using the Russian Multiplication approach described above. 
user interaction and output must exactly match the sample interaction below


Sample Interaction:

./extra01 5278 3149587

This program compares two multiplication methods that 
doesn't use the multiplication operator...

For loop method...
The number of times through the loop: 3149587
Answer: 16623520186

Russian Multiplication method...
The number of times through the loop: 13
Answer: 16623520186
Submission instructions
Name your source code file extra01.cpp. Use astyle for formatting, if desired. Remember to document all identifiers.

Use the following command to submit your solution:

$ turnin -c cs135-_____ -p extra01 -v extra01.cpp